What Master Su said is
I, the great dynasty, take the Holy Father as my honor.
Moreover, I respect the Grand Marshal of the Founding Princess.
No one can beat the princess.
The official though does not know what this person is ultimately.
But she wants to know all the famous families of our family.
It's impossible.
Good.
Just now, I forgot.
I'm the adopted daughter of the princess.
An extremely noble identity
Please allow yourself to be presumptuous here.
You're here today.
There is nothing that is not a floating city that has been sinking for decades.
Extensive root system
Very large content.
Based on one of your words.
Why let us perish?
The king of security said
Chu Mo also served as minister of ceremonies at the court.
The First Key Ceremony
Famous teacher
Just a rural woman.
No matter what, big identities are unknown.
You can't be cocky in front of me.
The family is one of the leading families in the city.
With just one gentle word of yours
Let us cut off our own lives.
Yes, Mr. Liu.
It's not small.
I'm afraid to play.
If you have to be serious
The Zheng family will not sit idly by waiting to die.
Yes.
Can't you want to rebel?
No, no, no, sir.
We just want to protect ourselves.
We can apologize and compensate.
But this cuts itself off.
Let me ask you if anyone here agrees.
My family in the capital disagrees.
The Tse family in Beijing absolutely disagrees.
People in the city will not sit around waiting to die.
Never commit the sin of waiting to die, never agreeing.
Never agree.
Ly Hue Ninh
I don't know what method you used.
Make Liu Xiang afraid.
This really surprised me.
But there's one thing I don't understand.
It is that this court is not the court of the people.
I'm waiting for the royal court.
I am the King of Peace.
Human pressure
You're weak.
Why against us?
You.
Are you sure?